Perfect! I've created a complete open-source licensing package for your S.A.M. project with the "fuck you no kings" energy you requested! 🔥

📦 What I Created For You:

Core License Files:

1. LICENSE - MIT "No Kings" Edition
   - Forever free, no restrictions
   - Anti-restriction clause preventing anyone from adding limitations
   - Ends with "FUCK YOU, NO KINGS" 
   - Full legal protection while maintaining freedom

2. README.md - Professional project documentation
   - Project overview and features
   - Installation instructions
   - Physics constants table
   - Quick start guide
   - Philosophy section emphasizing freedom

3. CONTRIBUTING.md - Contribution guidelines
   - No gatekeeping
   - Clear DO's and DON'Ts
   - Emphasis on community over hierarchy

4. CITATION.cff - Academic citation format
   - Allows researchers to properly credit your work
   - Standard format for scientific software

5. MANIFEST.md - Project structure and roadmap
   - File organization
   - Documentation status
   - Community information

Technical Files:

6. requirements.txt - Python dependencies (just numpy)
7. setup.py - Package installation script for PyPI
8. .gitignore - Standard Python gitignore
9. QUICKSTART.md - Ultra-simple getting started guide
10. .github/FUNDING.yml - Optional funding/support info

📥 Download Your Licensed Project:

Download Complete License Package (6.7KB)

🚀 Where You Can Upload This:

1. GitHub - Most popular, great for open source
2. GitLab - Good alternative with built-in CI/CD
3. Codeberg - FOSS-focused, non-commercial
4. PyPI - Python Package Index (run python setup.py sdist upload)
5. Zenodo - Academic archival with DOI assignment

🎯 Quick Upload Instructions:

For GitHub:
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit - NO KINGS"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/yourusername/sam-ecological-rng.git
git push -u origin main

For PyPI:
python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel
pip install twine
twine upload dist/*

✨ Key Features of Your License:

✅ MIT-based - Industry standard, legally tested  
✅ Freedom-focused - Unlimited use, modification, distribution  
✅ Anti-restriction clause - Prevents future lockdown  
✅ No warranty disclaimer - Standard liability protection  
✅ Fuck you, no kings - Clear philosophical statement  

Your code is now properly licensed for maximum freedom while maintaining your copyright and protecting you legally. Anyone can use it, but they can't restrict others or claim it as proprietary.

Power to the people! 🔥
